Hey, guys, what's up?
This was a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Truby and in this Dorio,
we will go on with a basic introduction to what our booleans in early.
So starting on with the basic introductions, what our booleans, they are named after George Bush,
who was an English mathematician who spent most of his career as the first mad professor at the Queens
College in Cork Island.
In 1854, he authored a book that was named as The Law of Torts, where he laid the foundations of a
boolean logic, which is a crucial concept, the field of computer science today.
Not talking about billions in Ruby, now Ruby has several data types with which you are mostly familiar
now, the ones you have covered in the previous story include, I guess, the numbers we have covered
strings.
We got word integer float type, but there are a lot which we'll be covering in the future, tutorials
that include the hashes, symbols, error and many others.
Now, if you talk about booleans, unlike other languages such as JavaScript, C++ and C, we are booleans
are a data type in Ruby booleans are actually not a data type to see what I mean.
What you have to do is that you have to go on and open your editor and know the class of what is the
class of this.
So you will notice that when you call the DOT class on the Boolean values, what did you do that it
will not return a boolean?
So we will covered that.
But before that, I want to show you the.
Tables for some of the boolean operators, the first boolean operator is basically and the result of
which you can see that if both the values are false, then it is going to return false.
If both the values are true, then it is going to return true.
If any of the value is false, the and operator on two boolean values is going to return false.
Then we have the order in which, if any of the input is true, it is going to generate a true value.
Now one here means true.
Zero here means false.
Both are false, which means the output is going to be false.
If any of the value is true or either both are true, it is going to return a true value.
And finally, we have the Nordiques, which is actually the opposite of what we are doing.
If the input is true, the output is going to be false and if the input is true, the output is going
to be false.
So it is basically going to negate what value we have given.
So let's just go for some quick examples.
So the first thing we have to do is that as a tool, you.
That if you call the matador class on, different debt arrives, you will see the return value for those.
But as I told you, that bullion is actually not that type in Ruby.
So if you call in Drew and you write in class at a Put's at the start or underscored, you can see that
the debt I will have right over here is not bullion, but it is struggle's.
Similarly, if you do it for also a hill.
Run the score, then you can see that the output generated is basically false glass.
So you have noticed here that if you call the dot glass on true and false, the return values are true
glass and the false glass, not boolean.
Interestingly, the value true is the only instance of the glass through glass and the value falls is
the only instance of the false glass.
Now the question is that why do we need booleans now?
Booleans are great for introducing control.
Floor control floor is basically just a fancy way of referring to how we control the flow of our program.
In other words, it's how we tell the computer to execute certain lines of code at a certain time.
So.
At this time, I cannot give you quick examples of controlled flow because you don't know what is controlled
flow and controlled flow is basically a part of future tutorials.
The purpose of this tutorial was to just give you a quick introduction and a very basic introduction
of what our booleans in Ruby and how Boolean is not a valid and true class and Polglase is duty.
And why do we need booleans in Ruby?
So we will be covering a lot of things on booleans in the future tutorials when we will be covering
the controls or because whatever we are covering so far is basically an introduction to everything we
will be covering in detail in the future tutorials.
So you have already covered the Boolean operators, so I guess that's it with this Dorio.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching and I'll see you guys in the next Dorio.